[MUSIC] In the last lesson,
we discussed what requirements are and the different activities
associated with them. We learned that requirements
are really just a way for us to get client needs expressed in a way
which can be turned into real products. We also learned that these
requirements can be elicited and expressed most easily when the development
team and the clients collaborate. So now that we've gotten our feet wet,
let's wade a little deeper. In order to understand how to get
the most out of our requirements, we must understand the different types
of requirements that may be needed for a software product. When you think of the term requirement,
what comes to mind? Perhaps you envision a list of features
which should be included in the final version of the product. Perhaps you envisioned
a set of descriptions of how the product should
perform in different situations. Or maybe you envisioned
the reason why that product should exist in the first place. As it turns out, all of these
are valid kinds of requirements. Together, they describe what the product
should be like, how it should work, and why it should exist
in the first place. Let's talk about these in more detail. The first requirement we mentioned -
the “why the product is needed”, is called the business requirement. Business requirements outline
the purpose of a software project. They give the product owners a reason to
pursue the project in the first place. You might imagine these requirements as
being separate form the actual development of a product. These requirements are not just
personal or ethical reasons. Like, must be first on the market or
must be used by as many users as possible. A business requirement must define
product needs that provide tangible and quantifiable business value. An example of a business requirement is,
I need this product to appeal to clothing designers in India to raise
our revenue by $50,000 per year. That is a business requirement. Business requirements are used
by your client when creating business strategies and plans. They’re a way for business analysts to review the ultimate
business goals for the product. It should be noted that business
requirements may also go by other names. The term business
requirement could be used to describe requirements which we'll
talk about later in this lesson. For our purposes, business requirements
refer to just those requirements which make up the why
the product should exist. Sometimes the concept of a business
requirement is associated with words like budget,
policies or regulations. These are examples of what
we call business rules. These rules are more specific
than business requirements. Business rules constrain
how the product functions. They also specify rules that
need to be followed in order for the project to be considered successful,
or even appropriate. Here are some examples of business rules. A privacy policy where the business
requires data be stored securely and not shared with non essential personnel. A brand uniformity requirement where
the products to be developed must be visually consistent with other
products owned by the client. A government regulation such as
a requirement to maintain user data, and any information regarding
its manipulation for a specific period of time according
to local or international laws. All of these things are business rules. They outline some of
the product restrictions. You can imagine business
rules as dictating under what restrictions a software
product must be developed. We just talked about
two requirements types: business requirements and business rules. Suppose you're forming requirements for an invoicing product that
needs to calculate sales tax. Which type of requirement
are you creating? A. a business requirement,
or B. a business rule. The answer is B, business rule. Collecting sales tax is a legal
requirement from government upon corporations making sales,
which constrains sales-related products. The best answer is a business rule. A business requirement would be more
of description of why you're making the product in the first place.